Relicense (#3)
Ares-Developers/Syringe: README.md

# License

> - The all files, except [Syringe.h](Syringe.h), licensed under LGPLv3 (see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file).
> - [Syringe.h](Syringe.h) made for external compatibility and licensed under MIT (see [LICENSE-HEADERS ](LICENSE-HEADERS)file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All source code, except [Syringe.h](Syringe.h) and any source code that is intended for inclusion in patch DLLs, is licensed under LGPLv3 (see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file).
- [Syringe.h](Syringe.h) and any source code that is intended for inclusion in patch DLLs is licensed under MIT (see [LICENSE-HEADERS](LICENSE-HEADERS) file).
```
